com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityStartBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityStartBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ItemContactsBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ItemContactsBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/FragmentMyContactsBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.FragmentMyContactsBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ItemAddContactListBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ItemAddContactListBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityDeveloperUpdateBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityDeveloperUpdateBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ItemMessageToBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ItemMessageToBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivitySpalshScreenBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivitySpalshScreenBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityAddContactsBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityAddContactsBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/FragmentChatsHomeBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.FragmentChatsHomeBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ItemMessageToImageBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ItemMessageToImageBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityDeveloperBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityDeveloperBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityAddFeedsBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityAddFeedsBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityForgrtPasswordBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityForgrtPasswordBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ItemMessageFromImageBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ItemMessageFromImageBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ItemsFeedsBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ItemsFeedsBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityFaqBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityFaqBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityEditProfileBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityEditProfileBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityLoginpageSecretBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityLoginpageSecretBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ActivityMain2Binding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ActivityMain2Binding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ItemMessageFromBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ItemMessageFromBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/FragmentFeedsBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.FragmentFeedsBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/ChatInputViewBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.ChatInputViewBinding
com/twentytwo/textme/BuildConfig.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.BuildConfig
com/twentytwo/textme/databinding/MainRecyclerItemBinding.java
 com.twentytwo.textme.databinding.MainRecyclerItemBinding
